# Haute-Jewels-Geneva-To-Be-Held-In-March-2022
The curated boutique show Haute Jewels Geneva promises to be a glorious celebration of fine jewels. Sixteen leading high-end global jewellery brands will congregate at the Fairmont Grand Hotel, Geneva from 30th March – 5th April, 2022, to showcase their couture collections to the discerning buyers.  The leading brands in attendance include Yoko London, Roberto Coin, Sutra, Crivelli, Bayco, Etho Maria, Stenzhorn, Marco Bicego, Mariani, Palmiero, Picchiotti, Gorgoglione, Hans D. Krieger, Leo Pizzo, Verdi and Annamaria Cammilli.  Each of the distinguished participating jewellery houses are likeminded in their approach to jewellery creation. They are venerated as artisans in their own field, combining high quality materials with superior design to create spectacular haute jewels. Haute Jewels Geneva Founder and CEO of Yoko London, Michael Hakimian, said, “We are thrilled that Haute Jewels Geneva will be returning in 2022. This unique show is a collaboration between 16 harmonious brands, bringing together their expertise to create a forward-thinking event that addresses the needs of the supplier and the buyer in our fast-moving world.”  The inaugural Haute Jewels Geneva took place in 2019 and saw four jewellery brands (Yoko London, Roberto Coin, Sutra and Crivelli) join forces to create a new jewellery show that broke the boundaries of traditional trade shows. After being forced to cancel the event in 2020 and 2021, Haute Jewels Geneva 2022 visitors will experience an intimate, luxurious environment for jewellery buyers and suppliers to conduct business – a concept that feels even more relevant following the restrictions imposed by the pandemic. With the ability to see each other face-to-face again, it promises to be a dynamic event, combining the power, creativity, and experience of the participating brands. These jewellery houses have participated in countless trade shows around the globe, and this collective experience has informed the Haute Jewels Geneva concept.  Although the event has grown exponentially since its creation, one of its key aims is to shed the cloak of formality associated with traditional trade shows, and instead, provide a relaxed atmosphere for clients and exhibitors to discover exclusive jewellery designs. To know more: https://gjepc.org/solitaire/haute-jewels-geneva-to-be-held-in-march-2022/
